website/src/forks/index.md, before:

---
title: Endorsed Forks
description: Forks are alternative versions of Mihon with exclusive features.
lastUpdated: false
editLink: false
prev: false
next: false
pageClass: forks

features:
  - title: TachiyomiJ2K
    details: New design approach along with several other enhancements
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-j2k.webp" alt="TachiyomiJ2K Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/TachiyomiJ2K/
  - title: TachiyomiSY
    details: Keeping up-to-date with Tachiyomi while also adding exclusive features
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-sy.webp" alt="TachiyomiSY Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/TachiyomiSY/
  - title: TachiyomiAZ
    details: Keeps the old design of Tachiyomi with hamburger menu.
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-az.webp" alt="TachiyomiAZ Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/TachiyomiAZ/
  - title: Yōkai
    details: Takes the best from J2K and enhances it
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-yokai.webp" alt="Yokai Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/Yokai/
---

<script setup>
import { VPHomeFeatures } from "vitepress/theme"
</script>

# Endorsed Forks

Forks are alternative versions of Mihon with exclusive features.

<VPHomeFeatures />

Commit message:

add Komikku fork (#151)
* add Komikku fork

* update description & missing files.

* one more description to change.

* Grammar change 1

* Grammar change 2

* Grammar change 3

* Grammar change 4

* Grammar change 5

---------

Co-authored-by: Soitora <github@soitora.xhs.gg>

website/src/forks/index.md, after:

---
title: Endorsed Forks
description: Forks are alternative versions of Mihon with exclusive features.
lastUpdated: false
editLink: false
prev: false
next: false
pageClass: forks

features:
  - title: TachiyomiJ2K
    details: New design approach along with several other enhancements
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-j2k.webp" alt="TachiyomiJ2K Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/TachiyomiJ2K/
  - title: TachiyomiSY
    details: Keeping up-to-date with Tachiyomi while also adding exclusive features
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-sy.webp" alt="TachiyomiSY Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/TachiyomiSY/
  - title: TachiyomiAZ
    details: Keeps the old design of Tachiyomi with hamburger menu.
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-az.webp" alt="TachiyomiAZ Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/TachiyomiAZ/
  - title: Yōkai
    details: Takes the best from J2K and enhances it
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-yokai.webp" alt="Yokai Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/Yokai/
  - title: Komikku
    details: A fork with features from Sy and Mihon plus added personal flair.
    icon: <img src="/forks/logo-komikku.webp" alt="Komikku Logo" height="32" width="32">
    link: /forks/Komikku/
---

<script setup>
import { VPHomeFeatures } from "vitepress/theme"
</script>

# Endorsed Forks

Forks are alternative versions of Mihon with exclusive features.

<VPHomeFeatures />
