website/src/docs/faq/general.md, before:

---
title: General
titleTemplate: Frequently Asked Questions
description: Frequently Asked Questions
---

# General
Frequently Asked Questions

## Why isn't Tachiyomi on the Google Play Store?
**Tachiyomi** won't be on the **Google Play Store**.

APK-based extensions conflict with [Google Play's content policy](https://play.google.com/about/developer-content-policy/).
**Google** might take down the app due to certain content, which the developers wishes to avoid.

To report **Tachiyomi** copycats on the **Google Play Store**, fill out [this form](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/contact/takedown) following the steps below.

:::details Steps to report Tachiyomi copycats
1. Go to the page -> three dots menu -> Flag as inappropriate -> Other objection.
1. After choosing "Other objection", you may choose to put down any or all of the following:

  The app infringes on the Google Play Developer Policy by

  Encouraging Infringement of Copyright

  > We don’t allow apps that induce or encourage copyright infringement. Before you publish your app, look for ways your app may be encouraging copyright infringement and get legal advice if necessary.

  Trademark Infringement

  > We don’t allow apps that infringe on others’ trademarks. A trademark is a word, symbol, or combination that identifies the source of a good or service. Once acquired, a trademark gives the owner exclusive rights to the trademark usage with respect to certain goods or services.
    >
  > Trademark infringement is an improper or unauthorized use of an identical or similar trademark in a way that is likely to cause confusion as to the source of that product. If your app uses another party’s trademarks in a way that is likely to cause confusion, your app may be suspended.

  Misleading Claims, e.g. "MangaKa - Best Manga Reader"

  > We don’t allow apps that contain false or misleading information or claims, including in the description, title, icon, and screenshots. Here are some examples of common violations: Apps that misrepresent or do not accurately and clearly describe their functionality:
  > - Developer or app names that misrepresent their current status or performance on Play.  (E.g. “Editor’s Choice,” “Number 1 App,” “Top Paid”)...
  > - Apps that are improperly categorized.
:::

## Is Tachiyomi available for iOS/iPadOS?
There is no iOS or iPadOS version and neither are there plans for one.
Porting is difficult due to the separate codebases of iOS and Android apps.

Any app proclaiming to be "**Tachiyomi for iOS**" is not by us and should be treated as a scam.

## What is Tachiyomi Preview?
**Tachiyomi Preview** is a regularly updated beta version of the app.
It showcases potential upcoming features, but it's more prone to bugs and crashes.

Ideal for users seeking the latest **Tachiyomi** experience, it's essential to [enable auto-backup](/docs/guides/backups#enabling-automatic-backups) to prevent library loss due to issues.

## How do I update from the F-Droid builds?
**Tachiyomi** on **F-Droid** lacks official support, updates aren't guaranteed.

To migrate to official builds:

1. Create a backup.
1. Uninstall the **F-Droid** version (discard app data if possible).
1. Download/install **Tachiyomi**.
1. Restore your backup.

Hosting an **F-Droid** repo isn't planned, as **Tachiyomi** manages updates independently, rendering **F-Droid** usage redundant.
Refer to [this GitHub comment](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi/issues/6736#issuecomment-1059608058) for details.

## Can I read light novels?
**Tachiyomi** can't read light novels; it's an image parser, not a text parser.

## Can I stream anime?
**Tachiyomi** isn't designed for anime streaming.

Projects using the **Tachiyomi** name for anime streaming aren't affiliated with the main project.

## What's a fork?
Forks are alternate **Tachiyomi** versions with distinct features managed by other developers.

Commit message:

Continue renaming Tachiyomi to Mihon

website/src/docs/faq/general.md, after:

---
title: General
titleTemplate: Frequently Asked Questions
description: Frequently Asked Questions
---

# General
Frequently Asked Questions

## Why isn't Mihon on the Google Play Store?
**Mihon** won't be on the **Google Play Store**.

APK-based extensions conflict with [Google Play's content policy](https://play.google.com/about/developer-content-policy/).
**Google** might take down the app due to certain content, which the developers wishes to avoid.

To report **Mihon** copycats on the **Google Play Store**, fill out [this form](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/contact/takedown) following the steps below.

:::details Steps to report Mihon copycats
1. Go to the page -> three dots menu -> Flag as inappropriate -> Other objection.
1. After choosing "Other objection", you may choose to put down any or all of the following:

  The app infringes on the Google Play Developer Policy by

  Encouraging Infringement of Copyright

  > We don’t allow apps that induce or encourage copyright infringement. Before you publish your app, look for ways your app may be encouraging copyright infringement and get legal advice if necessary.

  Trademark Infringement

  > We don’t allow apps that infringe on others’ trademarks. A trademark is a word, symbol, or combination that identifies the source of a good or service. Once acquired, a trademark gives the owner exclusive rights to the trademark usage with respect to certain goods or services.
    >
  > Trademark infringement is an improper or unauthorized use of an identical or similar trademark in a way that is likely to cause confusion as to the source of that product. If your app uses another party’s trademarks in a way that is likely to cause confusion, your app may be suspended.

  Misleading Claims, e.g. "MangaKa - Best Manga Reader"

  > We don’t allow apps that contain false or misleading information or claims, including in the description, title, icon, and screenshots. Here are some examples of common violations: Apps that misrepresent or do not accurately and clearly describe their functionality:
  > - Developer or app names that misrepresent their current status or performance on Play.  (E.g. “Editor’s Choice,” “Number 1 App,” “Top Paid”)...
  > - Apps that are improperly categorized.
:::

## Is Mihon available for iOS/iPadOS?
There is no iOS or iPadOS version and neither are there plans for one.
Porting is difficult due to the separate codebases of iOS and Android apps.

Any app proclaiming to be "**Mihon for iOS**" is not by us and should be treated as a scam.

## What is Mihon Preview?
**Mihon Preview** is a regularly updated beta version of the app.
It showcases potential upcoming features, but it's more prone to bugs and crashes.

Ideal for users seeking the latest **Mihon** experience, it's essential to [enable auto-backup](/docs/guides/backups#enabling-automatic-backups) to prevent library loss due to issues.

## How do I update from the F-Droid builds?
**Mihon** on **F-Droid** lacks official support, updates aren't guaranteed.

To migrate to official builds:

1. Create a backup.
1. Uninstall the **F-Droid** version (discard app data if possible).
1. Download/install **Mihon**.
1. Restore your backup.

Hosting an **F-Droid** repo isn't planned, as **Mihon** manages updates independently, rendering **F-Droid** usage redundant.
Refer to [this GitHub comment](https://git.mihon.dev/tachiyomi/tachiyomi/issues/6736#issuecomment-22456) for details.

## Can I read light novels?
**Mihon** can't read light novels; it's an image parser, not a text parser.

## Can I stream anime?
**Mihon** isn't designed for anime streaming.

Projects using the **Mihon** name for anime streaming aren't affiliated with the main project.

## What's a fork?
Forks are alternate **Mihon** versions with distinct features managed by other developers.
