website/src/docs/faq/browse/extensions.md, before:

---
title: Extensions
titleTemplate: Browse - Frequently Asked Questions
description: Frequently Asked Questions about Extensions.
---

# Extensions
Frequently Asked Questions about Extensions.

## What are some recommended extensions and sources?
**Tachiyomi** offers a few extensions for use with self-hosted content [here](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/extensions).

Otherwise, Tachiyomi is bring-your-own-content and does not offer anything.

::: info Disclaimer
**Tachiyomi** isn't responsible for slow, down, missing chapters, or subpar image quality of sources as it doesn't host the content.
:::

## Enabling third-party installations
::::tabs
== Android 8.0 and higher
When prompted while installing your first extension, allow unknown apps installation from that source. For newer Androids, enable per-app in **Install unknown apps**.

::: details Video guide - Recorded on Android 10
<video controls muted preload="metadata">
  <source src="/docs/faq/browse/extensions/unknown-sources-A10.light.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>
:::

::: tip Still got questions?
If you need more help regarding this, read [this post](https://nerdschalk.com/how-to-allow-apps-installation-from-unknown-sources-on-android-9-pie/ "nerdschalk.com | How to allow apps installation from unknown sources on Android 9 Pie").
:::
== Android 7.1 and lower
When prompted while installing your first extension, allow unknown apps installation from that source. For older Androids, enable globally in **Unknown sources**.

::: details Video guide - Recorded on Android 7
<video controls muted preload="metadata">
  <source src="/docs/faq/browse/extensions/unknown-sources-A7.light.webm">
</video>
:::
::::

## How do I uninstall an extension?
Uninstall extensions like regular apps: through device settings or in **Tachiyomi**.

::: tip Uninstalling an extension
In **Tachiyomi**, uninstall an extension via <nav to="extensions">, then tap **Uninstall** on the chosen extension.
:::

Commit message:

Continue renaming Tachiyomi to Mihon

website/src/docs/faq/browse/extensions.md, after:

---
title: Extensions
titleTemplate: Browse - Frequently Asked Questions
description: Frequently Asked Questions about Extensions.
---

# Extensions
Frequently Asked Questions about Extensions.

## What are some recommended extensions and sources?
**Mihon** offers a few extensions for use with self-hosted content [here](https://github.com/mihonapp/extensions).

Otherwise, Mihon is bring-your-own-content and does not offer anything.

::: info Disclaimer
**Mihon** isn't responsible for slow, down, missing chapters, or subpar image quality of sources as it doesn't host the content.
:::

## Enabling third-party installations
::::tabs
== Android 8.0 and higher
When prompted while installing your first extension, allow unknown apps installation from that source. For newer Androids, enable per-app in **Install unknown apps**.

::: details Video guide - Recorded on Android 10
<video controls muted preload="metadata">
  <source src="/docs/faq/browse/extensions/unknown-sources-A10.light.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>
:::

::: tip Still got questions?
If you need more help regarding this, read [this post](https://nerdschalk.com/how-to-allow-apps-installation-from-unknown-sources-on-android-9-pie/ "nerdschalk.com | How to allow apps installation from unknown sources on Android 9 Pie").
:::
== Android 7.1 and lower
When prompted while installing your first extension, allow unknown apps installation from that source. For older Androids, enable globally in **Unknown sources**.

::: details Video guide - Recorded on Android 7
<video controls muted preload="metadata">
  <source src="/docs/faq/browse/extensions/unknown-sources-A7.light.webm">
</video>
:::
::::

## How do I uninstall an extension?
Uninstall extensions like regular apps: through device settings or in **Mihon**.

::: tip Uninstalling an extension
In **Mihon**, uninstall an extension via <nav to="extensions">, then tap **Uninstall** on the chosen extension.
:::
