website/src/docs/guides/backups.md, before:

---
title: Backups
titleTemplate: Guides
description: Backups helps you prevent losing your library if something happens.
---

# Backups

Backups in **Mihon** are compatible between different versions of the app.

::: tip How to create a backup
1. Go to <nav to="data-and-storage">.
1. Select **Create backup** and choose a location to save it.

![Backup and Restore](/docs/guides/backups/backup.light.webp#light =414x194)

![Backup and Restore](/docs/guides/backups/backup.dark.webp#dark =414x194)
:::

## General backup details

### What's included in a backup?
- **Titles**
- **Categories**
- **Read chapters** for titles in Library
- **Tracking settings**
- **Reading history**
- **Series information**
  - Author, Artist, Date Added to Library, Selected Viewer, Read Duration, etc.
- **Extensions** used
- **Settings** including app settings and source-specific settings

### What's NOT included in a backup?
- **Reading history** of titles NOT in library
- **Downloaded** chapters including [local source](/docs/guides/local-source/) chapters
- **Custom covers**

::: tip
To convert your backups to JSON or to view and edit the information outside of the app, you can use [Mihon Backup Viewer](https://github.com/Animeboynz/Mihon-Backup-Viewer).
:::

## Restoring a backup
Restoring a backup can be done through the "Data and storage" settings.

To ensure a smooth restoration process, remember to:

1. Log into the Tracking services you previously used.
1. Download any extensions you've used in your backup.

Before starting to import the selected backup, the app will remind the user of these.

### Transferring downloads to a new installation
You can transfer downloaded series chapters from one version of **Mihon** to another
by correctly specifying the Download Location.

## Suggestions for backups

### Enabling automatic backups
It is highly recommended to enable automatic backups to ensure you can recover in case of any issues.

::: tip How to enable automatic backups
1. Go to <nav to="data-and-storage">.
1. Set a **backup frequency** to schedule automatic backups.
This way, you can recover from catastrophic failures.

![Automatic Backups](/docs/guides/backups/automatic_backups.light.webp#light =414x402)

![Automatic Backups](/docs/guides/backups/automatic_backups.dark.webp#dark =414x402)
:::

### Syncing backups with external cloud services
Cross device sync in **Mihon** is not currently available, but users can use
[Autosync for Google Drive](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ttxapps.drivesync)
in order to sync backup files to Drive automatically with the following steps:

1. Install the app from the link above
2. Enable [Automatic Backups](/docs/guides/backups#enabling-automatic-backups) and set it to your desired frequency and storage location.
3. Download the latest backup from Google Drive and restore to whatever device you have

Users who are familiar with [FolderSync](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.tacit.android.foldersync.lite)
or [Tasker](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm) can setup auto sync of their backups similarly.

## Additional information for forks

::: warning
This section explores some extra details regarding [forks](/forks/).
:::

All **Mihon** (and **Tachiyomi**) [forks](/forks/) support the `.tachibk`/`.proto.gz` format to backup/restore your library.

In addition, some forks have specific limitations regarding backup restoration:

- All forks have fork-specific settings and changes that might be saved in Backups.
  Such settings are not restored in **Mihon** and will get lost when creating a new backup.
  > For Example: [TachiyomiSY](/forks/TachiyomiSY/) has the option to backup/restore saved searches.

  These will **NOT** be restored to **Mihon** or its forks.
- Only [TachiyomiAZ](/forks/TachiyomiAZ/) supports creating/restoring both legacy `.json` backups and `.proto.gz` backups.
  > Users are recommended to update their `.json` backups to use the improved and efficient `.tachibk`/`.proto.gz` backups.

Be aware of these limitations when dealing with backups in different **Mihon** and **Tachiyomi** forks.

Commit message:

Backups: Updated explanation + add endorsed fork reference

website/src/docs/guides/backups.md, after:

---
title: Backups
titleTemplate: Guides
description: Backups helps you prevent losing your library if something happens.
---

# Backups

Backups can be created to save your library data and app settings.
You can transfer and restore backup files between devices and [endorsed forks](/forks).

::: tip How to create a backup
1. Go to <nav to="data-and-storage">.
1. Select **Create backup** and choose a location to save it.

![Backup and Restore](/docs/guides/backups/backup.light.webp#light =414x194)

![Backup and Restore](/docs/guides/backups/backup.dark.webp#dark =414x194)
:::

## General backup details

### What's included in a backup?
- **Titles**
- **Categories**
- **Read chapters** for titles in Library
- **Tracking settings**
- **Reading history**
- **Series information**
  - Author, Artist, Date Added to Library, Selected Viewer, Read Duration, etc.
- **Extensions** used
- **Settings** including app settings and source-specific settings

### What's NOT included in a backup?
- **Reading history** of titles NOT in library
- **Downloaded** chapters including [local source](/docs/guides/local-source/) chapters
- **Custom covers**

::: tip
To convert your backups to JSON or to view and edit the information outside of the app, you can use [Mihon Backup Viewer](https://github.com/Animeboynz/Mihon-Backup-Viewer).
:::

## Restoring a backup
Restoring a backup can be done through the "Data and storage" settings.

To ensure a smooth restoration process, remember to:

1. Log into the Tracking services you previously used.
1. Download any extensions you've used in your backup.

Before starting to import the selected backup, the app will remind the user of these.

### Transferring downloads to a new installation
You can transfer downloaded series chapters from one version of **Mihon** to another
by correctly specifying the Download Location.

## Suggestions for backups

### Enabling automatic backups
It is highly recommended to enable automatic backups to ensure you can recover in case of any issues.

::: tip How to enable automatic backups
1. Go to <nav to="data-and-storage">.
1. Set a **backup frequency** to schedule automatic backups.
This way, you can recover from catastrophic failures.

![Automatic Backups](/docs/guides/backups/automatic_backups.light.webp#light =414x402)

![Automatic Backups](/docs/guides/backups/automatic_backups.dark.webp#dark =414x402)
:::

### Syncing backups with external cloud services
Cross device sync in **Mihon** is not currently available, but users can use
[Autosync for Google Drive](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ttxapps.drivesync)
in order to sync backup files to Drive automatically with the following steps:

1. Install the app from the link above
2. Enable [Automatic Backups](/docs/guides/backups#enabling-automatic-backups) and set it to your desired frequency and storage location.
3. Download the latest backup from Google Drive and restore to whatever device you have

Users who are familiar with [FolderSync](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.tacit.android.foldersync.lite)
or [Tasker](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm) can setup auto sync of their backups similarly.

## Additional information for forks

::: warning
This section explores some extra details regarding [forks](/forks/).
:::

All **Mihon** (and **Tachiyomi**) [forks](/forks/) support the `.tachibk`/`.proto.gz` format to backup/restore your library.

In addition, some forks have specific limitations regarding backup restoration:

- All forks have fork-specific settings and changes that might be saved in Backups.
  Such settings are not restored in **Mihon** and will get lost when creating a new backup.
  > For Example: [TachiyomiSY](/forks/TachiyomiSY/) has the option to backup/restore saved searches.

  These will **NOT** be restored to **Mihon** or its forks.
- Only [TachiyomiAZ](/forks/TachiyomiAZ/) supports creating/restoring both legacy `.json` backups and `.proto.gz` backups.
  > Users are recommended to update their `.json` backups to use the improved and efficient `.tachibk`/`.proto.gz` backups.

Be aware of these limitations when dealing with backups in different **Mihon** and **Tachiyomi** forks.
