website/src/docs/guides/tracking.md, before:

---
title: Tracking
titleTemplate: Guides
description: Tracking helps track your library with different online services.
---

# Tracking
**Mihon** supports various tracking services to help you automatically update your tracking details such as read chapters, scoring, start & finish dates, etc.

Link supported tracking services in <nav to="tracking">.

## Services

**Mihon** currently supports tracking with [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/), [AniList](https://anilist.co/), [Kitsu](https://kitsu.app/), [MangaUpdates](https://www.mangaupdates.com/), [Shikimori](https://shikimori.one/), and [Bangumi](https://bangumi.tv/).

* You must add the desired tracker to each title to begin tracking.
* Track entries privately with supported tracking services (AniList, Kitsu).
* You can adjust each field in the tracker entry by tapping on it.

:::info Tracker behavior in Mihon
- Tracking is one-way: **Mihon -> Tracker**
- Status, Start & Finish date automatically changes when you start & complete a title.
- After reading the last page of a chapter, or marking a chapter as read, the tracker's progress will update.
- Offline progress syncs when back online.
:::

## Enhanced services

::::tabs
==Komga
- No separate login required.
- Automatic tracking.
- Works with **Komga** sources only.
- Two-way sync for local chapters.
- Manually read chapter syncs with delay.
- Auto-track on library add: <nav to="tracking">.

> Learn how to set it up on the [Komga](https://komga.org/) website.
==Kavita
> Learn how to set it up on the [Kavita](https://www.kavitareader.com/) website.
==Suwayomi
> Learn how to set it up on the [Suwayomi](https://suwayomi.org/) website.
::::

## General questions

### How do I log in to trackers?
1. Go to <nav to="tracking">.
1. Tap the desired tracker to begin login.

### How do I set up tracking for each series?
1. Open the series.
1. Tap **Tracking**.
1. Tap **Add tracking** for the desired service.

::: tip
You can also change the search query if there is no match.
:::

### How do I log in with Kitsu?
To log in with Kitsu, you need to use your email address as your username.

### Can't find a series on MyAnimeList?
If you cannot find a series by name, you can look it up on MyAnimeList and then search for it in **Mihon** using the following format: `id:<id from series URL>`.

You can also search for a series on your MAL profile list by searching in the following format: `my:<series name>`.

::: warning For your information
Related GitHub issue: [#65](https://git.mihon.tech/tachiyomi/tachiyomi/issues/65)
:::

### Finding tracked/untracked series in your library
Go to <nav to="main_library">, then **Filter (top right) -> Filter tab** then **Toggle Tracked**.
If you are logged into more than one tracker, toggle the tracker you want to include or exclude.

Commit message:

Tracking: Add enhanced services description, adjust/removed redundant lines in Komga tab

website/src/docs/guides/tracking.md, after:

---
title: Tracking
titleTemplate: Guides
description: Tracking helps track your library with different online services.
---

# Tracking
**Mihon** supports various tracking services to help you automatically update your tracking details such as read chapters, scoring, start & finish dates, etc.

Link supported tracking services in <nav to="tracking">.

## Services

**Mihon** currently supports tracking with [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/), [AniList](https://anilist.co/), [Kitsu](https://kitsu.app/), [MangaUpdates](https://www.mangaupdates.com/), [Shikimori](https://shikimori.one/), and [Bangumi](https://bangumi.tv/).

* You must add the desired tracker to each title to begin tracking.
* Track entries privately with supported tracking services (AniList, Kitsu).
* You can adjust each field in the tracker entry by tapping on it.

:::info Tracker behavior in Mihon
- Tracking is one-way: **Mihon -> Tracker**
- Status, Start & Finish date automatically changes when you start & complete a title.
- After reading the last page of a chapter, or marking a chapter as read, the tracker's progress will update.
- Offline progress syncs when back online.
:::

## Enhanced services

**Mihon** also supports various self-hosted services with exclusive features between the service & the self-hosted titles.

::::tabs
==Komga
- No separate login required.
- **Komga** titles will automatically track.
- Two-way sync for local chapters.
- Manually read chapter syncs with delay.

> Learn how to set it up on the [Komga](https://komga.org/) website.
==Kavita
> Learn how to set it up on the [Kavita](https://www.kavitareader.com/) website.
==Suwayomi
> Learn how to set it up on the [Suwayomi](https://suwayomi.org/) website.
::::

## General questions

### How do I log in to trackers?
1. Go to <nav to="tracking">.
1. Tap the desired tracker to begin login.

### How do I set up tracking for each series?
1. Open the series.
1. Tap **Tracking**.
1. Tap **Add tracking** for the desired service.

::: tip
You can also change the search query if there is no match.
:::

### How do I log in with Kitsu?
To log in with Kitsu, you need to use your email address as your username.

### Can't find a series on MyAnimeList?
If you cannot find a series by name, you can look it up on MyAnimeList and then search for it in **Mihon** using the following format: `id:<id from series URL>`.

You can also search for a series on your MAL profile list by searching in the following format: `my:<series name>`.

::: warning For your information
Related GitHub issue: [#65](https://git.mihon.tech/tachiyomi/tachiyomi/issues/65)
:::

### Finding tracked/untracked series in your library
Go to <nav to="main_library">, then **Filter (top right) -> Filter tab** then **Toggle Tracked**.
If you are logged into more than one tracker, toggle the tracker you want to include or exclude.
