website/src/docs/guides/local-source/index.md, before:

---
title: Local source
titleTemplate: Guides
description: For users who would like to download and organize their own media.
---

# Local source

If you like to download and organize your media, then you want to know how to manage your own series in Mihon.

::: warning
This page explores some advanced features.
:::

## Creating local series

1. In the location you specified as your storage location (e.g., `/Mihon/`), there should be a `local` folder. Place correctly structured series inside that (e.g. `/Mihon/local/`).

    > If adding series in folders it is recommended to add a file named `.nomedia` to the local folder so images do not show up in the gallery.

1. You should now be able to access the series in <nav to="sources"> under **Local source**.

If you add more chapters then you'll have to manually refresh the chapter list (by pulling down the list).

Supported chapter formats are folders with pictures inside (such as `.jpg`, `.png`, etc) or archive files (`ZIP`/`CBZ`, `RAR`/`CBR`, and `EPUB`).
But expect better performance with directories and `ZIP`/`CBZ`.

Note that a single folder or archive file is treated as a single chapter. For example, Mihon will not automatically split an `EPUB` file containing multiple chapters into separate chapters within the app.

### Folder structure

Mihon requires a specific folder structure for local series to be correctly processed.
Local series will be read from the `local` folder.
Each series must have a `Series` folder and a `Chapter` folder.
Images will then go into the chapter folder.
See below for more information on archive files.
You can refer to the following example:

:::info Example
<div class="tree">
  <ul>
    <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
    <span class="folder root">[your storage location]/local</span>
    <li>
      <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
      <span class="folder main">[the series title]</span>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
          <span class="file jpg">cover<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
          <span class="folder">chapter_1</span>
          <ul>
            <li><span class="file">image_1<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
            <li><span class="file">image_n<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
          <span class="folder">chapter_2</span>
          <ul>
            <li><span class="file">image_1<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
            <li><span class="file">image_n<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
          <span class="folder">chapter_n</span>
          <ul>
            <li><span class="file">image_1<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
            <li><span class="file">image_n<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
:::

Mihon will see three chapters in a single series.
The path to the folder with images must contain both the series title and the chapter name (as seen above).

### Archive files

Archive files such as `ZIP`/`CBZ` are supported but the folder structure inside is not.
Any folders inside the archive file are ignored.
You must place the archive inside the `Series` folder where the name will become the `Chapter` title.
All images inside the archive regardless of folder structure will become pages for that chapter.

#### Example {#example-archives}

:::tabs
== .ZIP
<div class="tree">
  <ul>
    <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
    <span class="folder root">[your storage location]]/local</span>
    <li>
      <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
      <span class="folder main">[the series title]</span>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
          <span class="file jpg">cover<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/zip.svg" alt="Compressed File" class="tree-icon icon-zip">
          <span class="file zip">chapter_1<span class="file-extension">.zip</span></span>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_1<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_n<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/zip.svg" alt="Compressed File" class="tree-icon icon-zip">
          <span class="file zip">chapter_2<span class="file-extension">.zip</span></span>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_1<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_n<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/zip.svg" alt="Compressed File" class="tree-icon icon-zip">
          <span class="file zip">chapter_n<span class="file-extension">.zip</span></span>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_1<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_n<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
:::

<style scoped>
  @import "../../../.vitepress/theme/styles/tree.styl"
</style>

Commit message:

Add documentation on download filesystem layout (#161)
* Add documentation on download filesystem layout

* Add an example

* Lint

website/src/docs/guides/local-source/index.md, after:

---
title: Local source
titleTemplate: Guides
description: For users who would like to download and organize their own media.
---

# Local source

If you like to download and organize your media, then you want to know how to manage your own series in Mihon.

::: warning
This page explores some advanced features.
:::

## Creating local series

1. In the location you specified as your storage location (e.g., `/Mihon/`), there should be a `local` folder. Place correctly structured series inside that (e.g. `/Mihon/local/`).

    > If adding series in folders it is recommended to add a file named `.nomedia` to the local folder so images do not show up in the gallery.

1. You should now be able to access the series in <nav to="sources"> under **Local source**.

If you add more chapters then you'll have to manually refresh the chapter list (by pulling down the list).

Supported chapter formats are folders with pictures inside (such as `.jpg`, `.png`, etc) or archive files (`ZIP`/`CBZ`, `RAR`/`CBR`, and `EPUB`).
But expect better performance with directories and `ZIP`/`CBZ`.

Note that a single folder or archive file is treated as a single chapter. For example, Mihon will not automatically split an `EPUB` file containing multiple chapters into separate chapters within the app.

### Folder structure

Mihon requires a specific folder structure for local series to be correctly processed.
Local series will be read from the `local` folder.
Each series must have a `Series` folder and a `Chapter` folder.
Images will then go into the chapter folder.
See below for more information on archive files.
You can refer to the following example:

:::info Example
<div class="tree">
  <ul>
    <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
    <span class="folder root">[your storage location]/local</span>
    <li>
      <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
      <span class="folder main">[the series title]</span>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
          <span class="file jpg">cover<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
          <span class="folder">chapter_1</span>
          <ul>
            <li><span class="file">image_1<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
            <li><span class="file">image_n<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
          <span class="folder">chapter_2</span>
          <ul>
            <li><span class="file">image_1<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
            <li><span class="file">image_n<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
          <span class="folder">chapter_n</span>
          <ul>
            <li><span class="file">image_1<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
            <li><span class="file">image_n<span class="file-extension">.ext</span></span></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
:::

Mihon will see three chapters in a single series.
The path to the folder with images must contain both the series title and the chapter name (as seen above).

Note that this is the same folder structure used by downloads of non-local sources.
However, the filename format is not required to be the same; for example, Mihon adds a disambiguating hash based on the chapter URL when downloading chapters, but you do not need to do this.

### Archive files

Archive files such as `ZIP`/`CBZ` are supported but the folder structure inside is not.
Any folders inside the archive file are ignored.
You must place the archive inside the `Series` folder where the name will become the `Chapter` title.
All images inside the archive regardless of folder structure will become pages for that chapter.

#### Example {#example-archives}

:::tabs
== .ZIP
<div class="tree">
  <ul>
    <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
    <span class="folder root">[your storage location]]/local</span>
    <li>
      <img src="/img/folder.svg" alt="Folder" class="tree-icon icon-folder">
      <span class="folder main">[the series title]</span>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
          <span class="file jpg">cover<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/zip.svg" alt="Compressed File" class="tree-icon icon-zip">
          <span class="file zip">chapter_1<span class="file-extension">.zip</span></span>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_1<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_n<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/zip.svg" alt="Compressed File" class="tree-icon icon-zip">
          <span class="file zip">chapter_2<span class="file-extension">.zip</span></span>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_1<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_n<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <img src="/img/zip.svg" alt="Compressed File" class="tree-icon icon-zip">
          <span class="file zip">chapter_n<span class="file-extension">.zip</span></span>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_1<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
            <li>
              <img src="/img/jpeg.svg" alt="File" class="tree-icon icon-jpeg">
              <span class="file jpg">image_n<span class="file-extension">.jpg</span></span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
:::

<style scoped>
  @import "../../../.vitepress/theme/styles/tree.styl"
</style>
